see snakes at one time these snakes
ancestors lived on dry land they must
still visit the surface to breathe
but they are beautifully adapted to life
at sea hunting for fish around the
island reefs they have some of the most
toxic venom of any animal so they don't
have many predators but as they forage
off the coast of one small island their
greatest nemesis is approaching Yoko and
sets go are hunters and they have a
fearsome reputation these two 70 year
olds are on a shopping trip like no
other
Yoko in sets go live on the tiny island
of kodaka it's only four kilometers
across and with limited space on land
the locals look to the sea to provide
as the Sun sets the ladies prey is
approaching on certain summer nights
venomous sea snakes move towards the
island and gather in coastal caves
looking for shelter and fresh water to
drink
but coming ashore on this island is
extremely risky for you dear sounds of
you me can Daniel really feel it takes
some nerve to wade in with no protective
clothing sea snake venom can be ten
times more powerful than a rattlesnakes
yohko has been hunting snakes for 40
years it's a skill that's been passed
down the generations here for at least
five centuries
oh boy big physical up this is a
wrap
you